Release 7.6.0 (#183)
splitio/dotnet-client: CHANGES.txt

CHANGES

7.6.0 (Sep 29, 2023)

> - Added ISplitClientAsync implementation which use task-based asynchronous pattern, highly recomemend using it in redis mode, with new methods exposed: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ISplitClientAsync implementation which uses task-based asynchronous pattern, highly recommend using it in redis mode, with new methods exposed: 
```
